#summary What works, what doesn't.
#labels Featured

= Current Status =

Listed below is the current functional status for whatever version is up at [http://johnnytatlock.com/pristine]. Until more "beautifying" is done to the interface, this will provide the current "what can I do?" for Pristine.

= Controls =

=== Throttle ===
  * -/+ increase and decrease the throttle. Keep in mind that your maneuverability is proportional to your throttle, and that you are most maneuverable at 66% (2/3rds) throttle, rather than 100%.

=== Movement ===
  * Pitch and Yaw are controlled with the mouse. Keeping the mouse in the center of the game will keep your ship flying "straight".
  * Press and hold the SPACEBAR to glide. Gliding allows you to adjust the pitch and yaw of your ship without changing your thrust vector, or the direction in which you move. This allows for some pretty cool BSG-style maneuvers, like strafing! There is no indicator for glide yet.

=== Weapons ===
  * Click the left mouse button to begin firing. It is not instantaneous, since your guns need to "spin-up". Try hitting the big pink boxes to test the collision detection!

=== Ships ===
  * Tapping the TAB key flips between the three possible ships: a Viper MKII (default), A-Wing, and X-Wing. This is a very new feature, and thus is not complete, but you can switch ships. While nothing is outwardly different visually, the acceleration, maneuverability, and weapons (placement and type) are different for each ship. 

=== Else ===
  * The space station is actually huge, and really far away. 